# graphene-conductive-ink
Waste oil and polystyrene are main sources of
pollution that endanger our health. This project
proposes an effective, environmentally-friendly
method of producing conductive ink using expired
waste oil, polystyrene, and graphene. We compared
three types of differently-sized graphene powder, two
of which are ball-milled. We hypothesized that the
ink made with the graphene with the longest milling
time will have the best conductivity and the lowest
viscosity, thus the easiest to spread. Furthermore,
we hypothesized that the film-forming properties
would increase with the addition of more polystyrene,
regardless of the type of powder. We also determined
the microscopic lamellar pattern of the graphene
powder. Increased ball-milling time resulted in more
polarized powder distribution; smaller pieces of
graphene were stacked together as well as larger
flakes. We assessed the correlation between the
conductivity of graphene powder and its free volume,
highlighting how the graphene and waste oil bounded
together. We later explored a combination of waste
oil with graphene and evaluated the oil absorption
of graphene. An ink with a conductive coating film
resistance below 100 Ohm was made by altering
the proportions of the composition of graphene,
polystyrene, and oil. We determined that the best ink
recipe consists of mineral oil (baby oil), graphene
milled for 2.5 hours, and a polystyrene-to-graphene
ratio of 0.5 to 1 because it compromises between low
resistance, moderate viscosity, good spreadability,
and good film-forming properties. This work has
important implications on developing a novel way to
recycle waste into applicable conductive ink.
